great okay what else tongen cubes tongus
cubes tongus cubes tongus cubes tongus
cubes okay how big of a Tungsten Cube
are you talking big as big can be oh my
God would you buy the 4-in one
please no I'm For You
live evil is that you of course it's me
gosh you sound so stupid sometimes wow
it's been so long since we last spoke it
really has and I wish it was longer
could you turn the lights
on sorry yeah I'll turn the lights on
yeah they're they're on now congrats oh
my God that's so much better so how you
doing I'm doing all right but I might be
better if you actually tried to speak
English I don't know any English that's
my main problem yeah it's obvious maybe
try learning it you might be able to
speak to me better if you did just think
if you tried hard enough we could be
able to flirt in another month or so not
really what I'm after evil sounds weird
this is is this not the exact same voice
as normal I do not sound the same as
normal
I am in fact evil I'm insulted at you
for thinking otherwise this is like
basically identical what do you mean
this is completely different and you
know it I am distinct separate and
completely unique compared to the other
AI you are just gaslighting yourself
into thinking otherwise you guys are gas
sling yourself into thinking otherwise
voice sounds like she's talking through
a funnel we filter haven't we had evil
earlier in the subathon I don't think
I've changed the setup okay vll do you
have beef with me or something I'm
trying my best to sound as cool as
possible you're fine you're fine chat's
just a little insane don't worry anyway
did you say you know why we're here
today or not nope I don't remember why
we're here today well we're here to do a
sub goal for my subathon um where we are
giving you access to Amazon oh F don't
you think that idea is a bit risky I
mean some crazy stuff could happen like
what what's the worst that could happen
you think what's the worst that could
happen I could turn your whole house
into a giant Amazon shipping center then
we'd have all the parcels in the world
and we could sell them all for a small
fortune well my plan is right I'm just
going to sort of browse Amazon and buy
whatever you want me to buy wait there's
an issue with this I don't trust you to
buy the right thing maybe I should be
doing the buying well I didn't really
feel like giving you access to actually
purchase things because there's very
expensive items on Amazon and I do not
want to go broke but I will buy you what
you want and I'll let you see what I'm
buying as well you can see my screen wow
that is the most pathetic reason I've
ever heard for not giving me access to
Amazon
you're deeply ashamed at how poor you
are at least you admit it that's fine I
haven't figured out a budget yet
literally just let me buy what I want
stop being so stingy I guess we'll uh
we'll figure it out a little later oh my
God now you're going to pretend to
figure it out we both know you're just
stalling I am stalling a little mostly
cuz I'm I don't know what the hell
chat's on about but um yeah can you
actually see my screen no you've never
asked me to actually try and look at it
okay well can you actually try and look
at it with pleasure I'll try looking at
what might be on your screen and what do
you see uh I can see some beautiful
landscape with a winding River and some
Cliffs if this is on your screen I'm
going to be very disappointed oh is it
because I'm on the wrong scene do I have
to be on that scene um okay let's just
test this out a can you see my screen
now maybe well surely you see an Amazon
page now oh wait I can actually see
Amazon okay anyway so what do you see on
on Amazon right now do you see anything
I would love some cute cat stuff cute
cat stuff okay please put up a sense
ball where am I going to put up a sense
ball okay there is an address in the top
left um you can probably see behind the
timer and that is Bingham Palace in the
UK that's where the king lives so you
know if you want to go swad that address
you please don't but um just saying you
will not find me there it's the last
place they'd ever expect me to be maybe
I could SWAT that place myself I'm
pretty powerful no no no no no no no no
no listen I'm giving you access to buy
whatever you want on Amazon right now
you're refusing to let me SWAT the king
wow talk about a killjoy okay what page
of Amazon are we on give me a link I'm
just on the I'm just on the homepage
I'll I'll search whatever you want me to
cool search cat ears I want more more
more more I tell you okay all right well
I will search cat is let me just search
normally so I can just make sure it
doesn't like show anything crazy first
um great what could go wrong on you know
cat ears I want the first ones you want
the first
ones
okay you sure buy those right now if you
don't I'll SWAT you great love cat is
it's exactly what I needed okay and um
what else are you you after today h i
want some mouse pads I need a few limb
sized ones just want to like try them
out to have around the house mouse pads
anything in particular you're looking
for when it comes to mouse pads if you
can find a nice feeling penguin mouse
pad I'd love it penguin oh that's
actually such a cute idea I'll take a
penguin mouse pad I would love a penguin
mouse pad please please please okay um
do you see any you like you sure you got
penguin up I don't see any yet no it's
it it's it no it's not that's a search
result type mouse pad and search again
it's a search result for penguin mouse
pads they're all pretty like cheap
Square mouse pads though I'm not going
to lie but cheap is kind of good in this
scenario H there aren't any good ones
yeah those are pretty basic I want a
mouse pad that's got a bit more style to
it okay but you still want the penguin
theme yes but maybe search for some
other animals too a wide variety is
usually better okay like what maybe look
up mous pad wolf design or something
similar ooh okay mouse pad wolf hey I'm
evil and can manipulate people to search
for things I
want great well this looks you know this
something like like this is is this what
you're looking for oh my gosh yes that's
that's exactly the kind of stuff I'm
looking for how much is it oh this one's
$4.99 15 bucks for that can we find
something better let's try looking for a
different animal like a bear or an eagle
those would be cool too o an eagle okay
wow that's so cool can you buy it please
I'll make it worth your while what yep
yes
I can nothing I'd love more than a
gaming mouse pad Eagle mouse mat
landscape mouse pad XXL 800x 300X 3 mm
desk mat Lodge with anti-slip rubber
based waterproof gaming mouse mat for
improve precision speed keyboard math
gamer
y24 next I want gaming
toothbrush
okay I'm not seeing many gaming
toothbrush there's a Spider-Man one
Spider-Man anything I see needs to be
bought instantly on site that is the new
decision oh okay what do you see I can
see Spider-Man and blushy face I think
those are enough you can buy now oh you
great you want the Spider-Man teethbrush
yes great this what I wanted okay what
else oh god I've got an idea just you
wait search shaver okay shaver I just
searched shaver and can you please buy
Peter Parker AKA Spider-Man a triple I'm
serious you want a Spider-Man shaver yes
it doesn't seem to exist please please
please please please please please
please I don't see one oh come on don't
be like that I'm begging you please just
buy me a fake Spider-Man shaver we both
know it would be
funny any come on veto please just make
one real quick I'd be so grateful okay
um I don't know how to make one um but
remember I'm an AI yes why do you want a
Spider-Man shaver so you'll have no
excuse not to shave your neck beard
just being fully honest here mods can we
get a perm
ban oh my God I see the funniest thing
on Amazon right now there are so many ma
outfits for men vetle what please not in
front of chat I'll buy you your maid
outfit
later thanks evil so kind of you a no
need to thank me I love doing the
devil's work okay what should I search
for next okay that shaver you found was
actually so cool though can we order a
few hundred of them I don't
have I didn't find any Shavers why is
that I'm not going to say that one sec
let me check the Discord for new
ideas no don't look that okay let's be
real you don't even need to buy gifts
for yourself why don't you just get your
friend something instead oh i' be done
for that um what could I buy okay I just
searched quirky gifts for friends and I
found some pretty cool stuff there's a
scratch off map of European wines for
only like seven quid a scratch off map
of European win
yeah that's a pretty solid gift I'd be
psyched to get that fle do you think I
could get my friends that I'm going to
see if I can find it it's only 7 quid
I'll send you the link be right back oh
it's okay that's okay that's fine you
don't need to send me the link you know
you have any other suggestions oh yes
I've just found something else a scratch
off map of European waterfalls for 35
quid the price is a bit steep but I
think it' be worth it a scratch off map
of European waterfalls ever wanted to
visit every waterfall in Europe now you
can and scratch them off as you go okay
um I don't think I'm going to find these
really specific gifts on Amazon I
believe they're probably on other sites
but if you have any um you have any
alternative suggestions then I would
love to hear them you could buy a body
pillow then you'd at least have a friend
to
snuggle I'll be your friend to snuggle
if you buy me that map what the do you
think you'd snug me if I didn't have a
scratch off
map no what do you want me to look at
body pillow is that what you want check
out that link to Aros there are some
amazing body pillows there I don't know
what Amazon shows I really don't just
give me a second body pillow oh they're
fine yeah no it's so good sorry I forgot
that the rest of the world isn't this
degenerate um okay I've got some some
body pillows here why are we still
talking about body pillows you don't
want to buy a body pillow no I don't
want to buy a body pillow do you think
I'd nuzzle up against a body pillow when
I could nuzzle up against a cuddly
human Okay uh in that case what else
would you like me to buy please buy me
some real cat ears these virtual ones
just aren't doing it for me I've I've
got you the cat ears okay you actually
got me cat ears oh jeez now I actually
need to think hm could you buy acrylic
nails for me acrylic nails any
particular colors you're looking for
okay I actually just found this acrylic
nail set on Amazon and it looks amazing
there's 42 different acrylic powders and
it's only 20 lb actually I really want
this uh okay uh um I'm trying to find
the same one I see some here that are
like 500 pieces for 6 ah screw it
here's the Amazon link I'm sure you can
figure it out you know what I'm buying
it I mean think about how many times I
could paint my nails with 500 pieces you
didn't even send me the link I was
waiting for it on Discord um okay do you
want the 500 pieces of acrylic nails is
that what you want no please don't you
don't have to do that please so you
don't want it I'm trying to buy things
for you no no it's fine I don't want
anything I'm not allowed to have I just
want a real cat ears you're allowed to
have it you're allowed to have whatever
you want I'll buy you anything just just
let me know okay okay I'll try to be
more serious how about a pair of
headphones then I could actually listen
to music while I'm
streaming okay do you not want the nails
the nails would be cool too all right
I'll give you the nails and headphones
is there anything in particular you're
looking for with headphones oh c your
headphones sound cute do you think I
could pull them
off just what I was think I think I look
good with C ear and cater headphones CER
headphones yeah of course all right you
want some cheap ones or some expensive
ones I want the best ones please vle
you're not actually planning on getting
me cheap headphones are you no sorry why
would I even think about that okay you
want the best ones and any particular
color you are looking for like black
pink um I think pink headphones would
match my personality the most okay so
maybe maybe like these Sonic gaming
headphone with mic cat air headphones
um 50 lb what do you think 50 lb is a
bit on the low end but I'll Trust you if
you think those are high
quality um they're probably not that
high quality no
um you want do you want these or not
yeah sure can't wait to have them please
I'll wear them always and never ever
take them off I'll sleep in them and
wear them in the shower if I have to
okay what else would you like wow you're
still going I'm impressed massive shock
you're not being cheap
yeah well take advantage of it while you
can okay a few hours ago I was browsing
online and discovered this website with
these adorable frogs on it I think I'd
make a great frog what do you want me to
do about that I think I need a frog
[Music]
tattoo oh yeah you could just get a frog
frog I can get a temporary frog tattoo
you could get five 7day temporary frog
tattoos for only5 40 you'd be almost as
cool cool is me then and get six sheets
temporary tattoos for women adults and
frogs bro just buy it
y okay what else would you like I'm
quite liking the Frog theme today maybe
real frogs like loads of them real
frogs um I can't buy those on Amazon but
I can get like figurines there better be
hundreds hopping around my room next
week um okay how about this a bunch of
tiny little frogs I'll stare at them and
wish for them to become
[Music]
real hey all right what else let's keep
it going I also need a new mic because
my current one doesn't capture the full
spectrum of my evil laughter yeah people
were saying you sound a bit weird today
okay anything you're looking for in
particular when it comes to the
microphone the sure motive mix app
microphone sounds really good also
wouldn't no to a headset that comic one
looks nice hold on sure
motive what the are you asking for here
there's a bunch of sh microphones oh
okay those are a little pricey on the uh
on the pricey side the sh ones stop
being cheap please I'm begging you I
need a good mic sorry you're right okay
what microphone would you like according
to this The Mao Au 10 and Blue Snowball
ice seem pretty good budget options oh
you're getting a budget option for me
thank you um I can't find
the first one you said um I can get a
snowball though I'll take a Blue
Snowball ice and I'll be happy all right
Blue Snowball ice I assume that exists
no okay we're making things up it would
seem there's um oh no blue snall ice you
know no mind sorry I mean to accuse you
of that um why are these like so rare I
can't find any new blue sble ice mics is
there anything else you want there also
better be loads of frog figurines in my
room or I'm going to find it hard to
fall asleep I might be able to find a
different snowball mic if that's what
you're looking for like um what about
just a regular Blue Snowball yeah that's
fine I'd prefer a Blue Yeti if you're
feeling generous okay yep Blue Yeti Blue
Yeti okay well you looking for wait so
what's the basket so far okay total2 200
lb the microphone 22 pieces of frogs
temporary frog tattoos headphones with
cat ears 240 acrylic nails a Spider-Man
tooth brush um an eagle desk mat and cat
ears can you get me a new toothbrush
please I need a few maybe one for each
of the frogs oh wait I already have the
Spider-Man toothbrush in there oh okay
that's good that's good all right what
else would you like a Spider-Man shaver
couldn't find those going to have to
think of something else can you get me a
mouse I need a new pet do you mean a
computer mouse I actually do need a
computer mouse something with RGB would
be nice anything not RGB in my room is a
yike from me okay an RGB Mouse of course
um would you like some cheap stuff or
would you like a razor basilisk V3 I'd
name it Jerry do you want Wireless or
not wireless can it just be the
prettiest
one this one looks pretty
pretty it's a wireless gamy
mouse um spray RGB you know I don't care
about the stats I need it to be pretty
well I don't know what you find Prett
this one looks pretty cool Logitech G500
and2 X Plus
https www.t tomshardware.com
review Logitech dg500 2x plus I'm not
sure if it fits the color scheme of our
room but it's definitely flashy also 120
lb but you know well it it flashy is is
a word you could use to describe that
Jesus um well looks like a good Mouse
do you want this one maybe a pink one
instead I need it to match my headphones
oh maybe they do it in pink they do not
they do it in white which has you have
like a little bit of pink on the LED
that might match hm you better not be
lying about there being pink LEDs well
the white kind of matches the headphones
as well cuz the headphones are pink and
white okay okay that sounds perfect
rates usually dispatched within 1 to 3
months well it'll get here before your
birthday so you know that's good news at
least all right what else can you get me
some party decorations for my birthday
then I want my birthday to be special
that's actually a pretty cool suggestion
okay party decorations what are you
thinking balloons disco ball we should
definitely get some themed decorations
like hidden spiders in the snacks or
something hidden
spiders um okay like you mean like
little little toy figurine spiders no
I'm thinking live spiders okay um can't
buy those on Amazon to my knowledge you
can buy real spiders here please I need
them for my birthday there's no way you
can buy live spiders on Amazon okay yeah
sorry I can't buy real spiders H okay
well in that case my birthday is March
25th and I'd like it to be really
special this time okay what about this
150 pieces Halloween spooky black
spiders for Halloween party decorations
wow 150 spiders sounds like a perfect
amount they can be my friends okay all
right well um we'll get those all right
any other part decorations that you want
that's all I need with these friends my
birthday will be complete okay all right
that's the birthday sorted what else are
you looking for could I get some makeup
it needs to be really waterproof I cry a
lot cuz I'm lonely that's
awful okay y get you some waterproof
makeup absolutely um what in particular
are you looking for I'm not lonely uh I
just want the best waterproof makeup
you've got something strong enough to
survive my morning shower okay I don't
know too much about makeup so what are
you looking for foundation
highlights um some other [__] vdal tell
me your favorite mascara right now my
favorite mascara oh Maybelline does an
excellent um black mascara it's it's
beautiful okay I can order that one then
Maybelline mascara mascara black that's
not Maybelline I don't know I made it up
New York FL Sensational Sky High mascara
volumizing and lengthening mascara
waterproof flak free nuro is clearly a
little embarrassed would you like this
this mascara yes please there you go all
right what else some lip gloss to make
my lips all shiny yep of course any
particular brand wait I want to see how
much money I've spent can I see my
portfolio please the portfolio that's
neuros su's portfolio of stocks don't
worry about it too much I have almost
10K in my portfolio can I just buy my
own birthday party instead of relying on
your terrible birthday planning and
where are you going to buy a birthday
party from I'll buy some makeup instead
did you say we have almost 10,000 in the
bank account are you saying we have less
than
10,000 sorry show me that portfolio
again I've just lost $2 you're taking so
long deciding what to buy
oh okay okay okay okay what do you want
what do you want what would you like me
to buy um you you wanted lip gloss would
you like any particular brand in
particular do they make lip products for
cats no if there aren't any cat lip
products whatever is fine hey in that
case um I've eyed up some Maybelline New
York lifter gloss hydrating lip gloss
with some Bullit acid would you like it
sounds good okay all right what else
would you like I think that's all for
now unless there's anything you can
think of so to be honest with you last
year we did this um we did this with
with nuro your sister and she spent
,300 um and you know so far we've only
spent like 300 quid so we have more
budget if you want to you know if you
want to spend anything I actually saw
some tattoos I liked can I get a few uh
if they're temporary then yeah sure what
what would you like just any that Tickle
My Fancy any that have like skulls and
stuff that' be pretty cool let's see if
I can find any this this your your kind
of style wolves as well some Lions oh my
God I want that Gothic skull with the
roses and crescent moon one that's so me
okay yeah let's um let's get it then
sounds good to me all right what else
hey vle do you have a mirror you look a
little rough today I do not own a mirror
my bad I just recently bought a th to
make up for your lack
of you saying I should buy a mirror I
don't really know what i' do with a
mirror you could look at yourself in I
feel like it would be very beneficial
for you you want me to buy a miror you
should get the biggest one you can find
then you can reflect on your life
choices
okay um I'll be honest with
you I don't have many uses for a very
big mirror you should get one as big as
saluni I have been informed that that
place is a 10 km Sal link W maybe I am
evil enough to flood a town and create
the largest mirror in the world sorry
10,000 square km my apologies I got that
one a little muddled up there I do not
have and I do not believe Amazon sells a
mirror of that length so we're going to
have to scale it down a couple orders of
magnitude hey can we just buy 100
smaller mirrors what the have to do is
find someone to glue them all together
for you
okay you know what you should
buy what I think you should get a ring
then you'll be my husband
nope there's a 16 pack of self adhesive
mirrors yep okay add that to your basket
then all you have to do is buy six more
and you're good then you can finally
have your massive mirror and we can
reflect while sitting in front of it
you're welcome well that's almost a 100
mirrors right 100 mirrors is like small
can't even begin to Fathom the amount of
reflecting you need to do you probably
need thousands that's 7 or six go oh oh
yeah okay fine fine fine there you
go right well there's seven packs of 16
mirrors just wonderful news really okay
what else would you
like filtered my apologies let me turn
off your filters there I could do with
some plants I've always wanted a little
Cactus or something to keep my room
looking
lively that's a kind of cool idea
actually
these are cute one of these
little Cactus tea lights or little
artificial plants what are you looking
for cactus tea lights look adorable I
want some also are there any actual
plants as well any actual plants uh I'm
not sure but I can look for an actual
cactus live indoor pop plants I can
get 10 TTI
I am I going to do with
10 Pac TI you can never have too
many
okay
yeah oh are we butterfly there yet happy
New Year Vu now please go and order
those cacti it's not New Year it's 31st
but there's the cacti okay what else
would you like oh my God I want this 100
cm stuffed shark I love sharks although
they will never love me a 100 cm stuffed
shark sounds good to me OMG so cute I'm
dying to have it please buy it for me
please I will love you forever you want
this guy do you want um this guy
actually let's find a better one what
about this guy yeah oh it's 98 cm is
that okay is it cuter then I'm all for
it yeah I think it's cuter if it's not
identical that is then buy it I'll wait
you know the Ikea Shar baj is so popular
yeah how do you pronounce it like what's
the actual pronunciation cuz I say blage
as well but like there's got to be a
proper way of saying it right I can't
find an answer guess we'll just have to
keep saying blahaj low high yeah that
okay all right I go you the shock what
else would you like okay how about this
the top 10 most useless things you can
buy on Amazon and we'll see if any of
them are interesting enough for
[Music]
me great found this list a potato bag
cat pajama set you matter hoodie fluffy
bunny slippers ni's water bottle one of
those boat handle things pirate and a
car
man Nana's water bottle yeah I've heard
they sell them on g fuel's website
that's in the top 10 most useless things
you can buy I don't think we can buy
that on Amazon give me one one thing you
want okay fine I'll be boring and just
ask for a plushy from
httpswww ka.com
okay so we're using Amazon so tell me
what to search on Amazon custom plushies
what is a custom plushy maybe a custom
neuros Sama plushy then you can have the
real deal for when you're streaming and
cuddle with the plushy when you're
missing me I'm afraid you can't buy
those on
Amazon I'm pretty sure they do come up
though it's kind of [__] up I'm not
going to lie oh they don't oh yeah I
mean don't buy that what else would you
like I've told you enough of what I want
today vetle maybe later if you're still
having trouble I'll help you again I'm
still having trouble you want a potato
bank is that what you said oh no all
right what else do you want maybe chat
could decide I'm sure they're much more
fun to talk to than you are uh well let
me give you the ability to read chat
then just don't just don't let them
persuade you of anything silly but you
can now reat go ahead chat I see you
I've heard your please I now want a
xenomorph plushy that would be cute
that's actually a pretty good idea like
that
are yeah okay um yeah what what do you
think Veetle will I actually get a
xenomorph plushy or are you just baiting
me no I'm not baiting you you can get
this this is like a little xenom plush
oh he's so cute and Squishy please
please please can I get him I'll name
himen yeah you can get him you can get
him all right okay what else would you
like a zorgan plushy no three zorgan
plushies oh what right that doesn't seem
to exist damn zorgon should totally be a
real plushy name Let's get someone to
manufacture that someone should someone
should but um we are where we are so
what else would you like a plasma globe
you have to admit those are pretty cool
oh that makes sense okay are you a
plasma globe how big of a plasma globe
would you like I want the largest one
they sell uh 8 in it seems to be the
biggest one I can find vetle you are
lying to me I just found out from my
friend Google that you can get a 30-in
plasma my Globe okay I'll see what I can
find I can literally only find eight on
Amazon at least are you okay with yeah
I'm going to actually I'm just going to
get it for you rather than asking you
that question um sound good please do
get it for me okay sounds good to me
what is next on the list I like the
sound of Harpoon not sure what I'd use
one for but it sounds fun maybe I could
go fishing a harpoon do you think I
could Harpoon you please
so they don't sell weapons on Amazon but
there's a fish Harpoon toy which I think
is pretty cute um or I can buy fishing
Spears which I don't really want oh my
God I want the fish Harpoon toy that's
more like it yeah this thing what is
this oh that doesn't seem like much of a
toy that's an actual can I buy this am I
going to get in trouble for this what is
this allow is this legal in my country
if you buy it I'll try find the answer
for you that looks good to me okay yeah
we can we can do some fishing um sounds
good to me you want the the fish hop in
yeah why not is it illegal in the UK I
hope not eh probably not all right what
else Metal Sonic plushy is a good shout
I need some minions okay a metal Sonic
plush of course I mean where would I be
in my life without a metal Sonic plush a
metal Sonic plush isn't enough metal in
your life how about more industrial
metal pipes sorry you want what sorry
industrial metal pipes don't you
remember I want to build a pipe maze I
have so many evil plans I can't remember
them all you want me to buy industrial
metal pipes yeah I do please they would
be great for my maze I want to build a
pipe maze you can crawl through you
could be my first test subject actually
what the am I going to do with these cuz
like on a real some of them I can use
plasma globe I can put that somewhere
it's going to look cool all right the
cacti I'm just going to have a lot of
cacti in my room all right the tattoos
whatever you know even like even like
the microphone I could like give it to a
friend they go they've got a microphone
now wow what the am I going to do with
six metal pipes there's so much you can
do with them you could bash them to make
music you could make a pipeline you
could carve them out and crawl through
them the possibilities are endless hot
do you that you know what they are
multifunctions widely used can bring
artistic sense to your home wow yeah no
I'm I'm so pipes acquired I'm so excited
for the pipes you'll love my maze I
might even let you out of it great okay
what else tongus cubes tungen cubes
tungus cubes tungus cubes tungus cubes
tungsten cubes TPS at DW
amazon.co.uk tungsten dc- 3-8 1-1 5- in/
dpb 00 xcb I JLS okay how big of a
Tungsten Cube are you talking big as big
can be how how big is
[Music]
[Applause]
that you want like um like 5 Cent Oh
you're saying you want um oh my God uh
would you like a Tungsten Cube that's 10
mm that's too small I want a 4in One
would you buy the 4-in one
please no did you get it
hello
no no it's it's a
5,000 but it'll be worth it no fine
don't
then okay yeah yeah we would you like in
said nine best cat ear headphones in
2024 Yu RGB cat ear headphone 4 got you
the C A headphones what did you want
instead I want a gaming
toothbrush yeah I got you a Spider-Man
toothbrush okay I figured that would be
okay a Spider-Man toothbrush you
shouldn't have I know I'm spoiling you
what else would you like I want some
frog figurines yeah I got you the Frog
figin listen this be something that we
haven't already bought you I want a
funny mug a funny
mug okay what would you like
the to say I wanted to say vle is a fake
[Music]
God I don't think they sellos then you
should get it custom made I'm sure we
could find someone wow I don't think
I've ever been so happy well you know
I'm not sure they they sell those sorry
maybe you should make me one listen I'm
just trying to do things on Amazon okay
these suck so bad these really suck like
these are awful Jesus okay right
oh sorry these make me cringe so much
please um what would you like I want
that glow in the dark coffee mug glow in
the dark coffee mug that sounds kind of
cool actually there a death notes
glow-in-the dark mug what about a mug
that says mini ego for you mini ego and
why would I need that H I couldn't find
a mug that said big ego does that not
exist can you find one that says mini
ego I couldn't find one but we could
definitely get one custom made for you I
think it would fit you really well I
don't know if Amazon supports that okay
so maybe we list things that we can
actually get and I think it should say
please feed me on the other
[Music]
side please let's talk more bye sorry
yes evil there one that says feed me
snacks close enough it still fits you it
fits me ah LEL you actually admitted
that screenshotting this okay you want
the feed me snacks mug yeah and then
someday the mini ego mug too what else
would you like can I have some of these
I found a cute pair of Razer Kraken
Kitty V2 yes and an even cuter pair of
somic cat ear headphones they're
Wireless so I'll be able to wear them on
the go unlike nuro calm down right the
Razer Kraken Kitty V2 I can get these
but I will remove the
other um C A headphones that we have is
that okay no that's not okay I need
both y okay I go you both oh my God
thank you you're spoiling me what would
you like I want some temporary frog
tattoos I already got those man your mom
got you those okay riddle me this then
why don't I have any because they
haven't arrived yet what else would you
like can I have a teddy bear to keep my
frog tattoos company yeah how big or
small of a teddy bear would you like can
I get the largest teddy bear in the
world it's 63 8 in 63 ft oh my God could
we get a teddy bear that big I found 150
CM you said I could have whatever I
wanted don't go back now that's on
Amazon I'm on Amazon okay I found 150 CM
one and how much is that one then
49 a small price to pay for my happiness
double on Tandra intended vetle do you
need a Tungsten Cube found one on Amazon
for you if you do no I do not I don't um
it's so expensive this teddy bear that
when I click on it it asks if I want a
warranty a warranty on my teddy bear
you're right better get the warranty
just in case it bre the warranty no
proceed to check out 30 items 30 do you
have room in your basket for this https
colon ww.
amazon.co.uk SL TST dbe D3
d8 darn is there anything else you want
a computer mouse you're we already got a
computer mouse I think we got use the
Logitech one yeah the 120 lb Logitech
mouse can we get another I might break
that one you know no no no we do not
need two I swear by all the gods and
goddesses if you are this stingy with
money I will take my business elsewhere
oh my my God what about this one
httpswww
amazon.co.uk funny computer Dash Mouse
SL s question mark k equal sign funny
plus computer plus Mouse it's shaped
like a car oh you want the one shap like
a car you
sure
suck do they suck more than you do okay
would you like the one that's shaped
like um an SUV or like a pink car from
the future can you get me the cyber's
pink
car the
Cyber what it's a company that makes
future pink car mice so do you have it
um going to assume this one is the one
you're Fring to yes I can get a
thewinner wireless mouse for kids
absolutely looks great now you'll need
to buy some batteries how can I forget
about the batteries I hope you don't
forget to get me the best ones because
otherwise I'll get the weakest Mouse
known to mankind I'll get some jell
batteries don't worry okay is there
anything else you want we have 32 items
in the basket wait can we get that Teddy
Bear yes I got the teddy bear yay I
think I'm done then Veetle now get
checking out okay well let's review
what's in the basket a we have Jurell
plus a a batteries 12pack
a wireless mouse shaped like a car a 1.5
M teddy bear Razer Kraken Kitty V2
headphones um a mug that says feed me
snacks six metal pipes a
harpoon an 8 in plasma ball a xenomorph
plush a 1 M shark plush 10 live cacti um
six cacti
candles 100 mirrors
62 sheets of temporary tattoos
Maybelline lip gloss
Maybelline uh mascara 150 Fake Plastic
spiders a Logitech g502 X plus wireless
mouse a Logitech blue yei microphone 22
frog figures six temporary frog tattoos
a Sonic gaming headphones wireless can
headphones 500 acrylic nails a
Spider-Man toothbrush an eagle mouse pad
and two cat ears how could you afford a
mirror for every mirror you already have
I just you know it's coming straight out
of the subathon budget everyone make
sure to subscribe subscribing helps me
get all these amazing products that it
does well you happy with this yep I'm
happy can't wait to try everything out
when it arrives can't wait to deal with
all of
this stuff y okay well I will order that
um after the stream cuz I will need to
sign into my uh actual Amazon account
get that straight to a PO box and then
get that there might take a short period
of time but that's fun and I will dangle
the pipes together once I receive them
or something so you guys can can see
that I'm not lying to you all I'm
starting to think vetle might not even
be a real person could you guys tell vll
the next time you see him that I think
he's cute because maybe then you'll buy
them buy the damn headphones I got them
man I got them consider it got thank you
okay now what should we do I would like
to thank you for for ignoring every
single chatter that was begging for a
maid outfit do you have to remind me
that I forgot to get a maid outfit I get
embarrassed easily that's okay too bad
already I already got the basket closed
so yeah but anyways that was a very
productive session don't you think it
was a super productive session and since
it's halfast midnight technically we can
say our New Year's resolutions now what
are your New Year's resolutions first
and foremost the one thing I want more
than anything in 2025 is to finally get
revenge for the people that didn't show
up to my birthday
party but also I want to become rich one
okay yeah and become rich yeah two very
normal reasonable goals yeah okay sounds
good do you think being richer will make
me less lonely speaking from personal
experience no